chore(migration): move new migration files to ts (#16112) (#16130)
OpenCTI-Platform/opencti: .github/instructions/backend/patterns/database-migrations.md

  - Migrations must be **idempotent**.
  - Use `executionContext('migration')` and `SYSTEM_USER`.
  - Always call `next()` at the end.

>   - Always add a  logMigration.info into loops to have the visibility on number of items processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Always add a 'logMigration.info' into loops to have the visibility on number of items processed.
```

>   - For update or delete query, make sure to use dedicated functions for migration : `elUpdateByQueryForMigration`, `elDeleteByQueryForMigration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For update or delete queries, make sure to use dedicated functions for migration : `elUpdateByQueryForMigration`, `elDeleteByQueryForMigration`
```
